{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f30\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f31\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f33\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f34\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f35\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f36\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f37\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\title Release Notes for LogicAid, 2nd Ed}
{\author Charles Roth}{\operator Charles H. Roth}{\creatim\yr2004\mo4\dy13\hr8\min40}{\revtim\yr2004\mo4\dy20\hr17\min9}{\version3}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords245}{\nofchars1402}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern8203}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\fs28 
Release Notes for LogicAid, 2nd Ed. version 1.2.  
\par }{
\par This version of LogicAid is compatible with Windows 98, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, and Windows XP. 
\par  
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {New in Version 1.2
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par The help files associated with LogicAid have been improved and expanded.  (For additional help, refer to the }{\i LogicAid User's Guide and Reference Manual}{ on the CD.)
\par 
\par Several bugs have been fixed.
\par 
\par A new installer has been provided to simplify installation of the program.
\par 
\par Your login name will be printed on any LogicAid output and saved on any LogicAid files that you create.
\par 
\par The folders labeled Probs-14 and Lab-16 contain solution files for problems in }{\i Fundamentals of Logic Design}{, 5th edition.  They are pas
sword-protected and cannot be read directly.  However, they can be used to check your answers to the problems using the State Table Checker or Partial Graph Checker.
\par 
\par }{\b Installation instructions:
\par }{
\par (1) }{\b  }{If you have previously installed LogicAid using Install_LogicAid.msi or Install_LogicAid.exe, go to Start }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Settings }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol"
 \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Control Panel }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Add/Remove Programs, and remove LogicAid.  If there is a LogicAid folder, delete it.  Then go to \line My Computer }{{\field{\*\fldinst 
SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Tools }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{ Folder Options }{{\field{\*\fldinst SYMBOL 174 \\f "Symbol" \\s 12}{\fldrslt\f3\fs24}}}{
 File Types.  If aid is in the list of file extensions, select and delete it.
\par 
\par (2)  Click on the Install_LogicAid.exe icon at the top level of this CD.  After accepting the license agreement, enter your name when asked to do so.  By default, the installer will install LogicAid in the C:\\
LogicAid directory and place a LogicAid shortcut on the desktop. (If you have installed a previous v
ersion of LogicAid, the Remove option may appear instead.  Select this option to remove the previous version and when removal is complete, restart Install_LogicAid.) 
\par 
\par }}